1. Welcome to iZork, adventurer. You are standing at the southwest edge of a forest. Your destiny awaits you within, but dangers lurk everywhere. To help you on your journey, the gods have gifted you with a fresh suit of clothes and a trustworthy sword. You may choose to take these items. Or, you may leave them behind. If you take them, use them wisely. However, if you leave them, the gods may take offense and punish you for your ingratitude... [HINT: HEAD NORTH FIRST]
2. After walking a bit, the forest thickens. All manner of strange fauna rustle, grunt, and screech, just outside your eyeshot. But you press on, and the effort of hacking through the brush makes you hungry. Fortunately, you spy a stash of lovely looking nuts and berries nestled in the hollow of a tree stump. You may choose to eat them, take them as supplies for later, or leave them behind. Choose wisely.
3. Suddenly, the noises stop. You freeze in a small clearing, and listen. Something isn't right. HOWL! A wolf bounds out of the trees and lands on all fours right in front of you! What do you choose? You can attack the wolf, you can try to defend yourself from attack, or you can run away (and risk damage in retreat).
4. The favor of the gods was with you in your last encounter! Having survived the threat, you stop to rest in a meadow at the west edge of the forest.   You bandage your wounds, and as you take stock of your supplies, you notice a scrap of paper on the ground. It reads: "Our fortunes lie to the north, but our destiny... to the east."
5. The air turns icy and a stiff wind bites your face. The trees here are barren and gray. The thickets are too dense to continue north. The only way forward is to the east. But before you continue on, you find a wooden box. On it, a packing list reads: "1. Tanned Hide Armor; 2. 1 Bundle Slow-Burn Firewood" and "Property Of Kingdom Defense Department. Unauthorized Use Prohibited By Regal Proclamation. Violators Will Be Prosecuted." You could leave the supplies, but the winter crawling up your back suggests otherwise...
6. You wander into the balmy woods, and the smell of rotting wood rises all around you. Your footing is very soft. Suddenly, you find yourself ankle deep in muck. Trudging through the swamp is no fun.
7. A heavy downpour drenches your clothes, and weighs down your sack. Your bones begin to clatter. You feel a chill coming on, and you sniffle to keep your nose from running. The weather has made you ill. 2 health points will be deducted.
8 . You pause in a dry, quiet place, against a tree. You catch your breath. Over a small rise, something moves. A tiny woman with dragonfly wings is riding on the back of a friendly looking dog. She tells you this is her home, and offers you a sweet smelling drink and some nuts.
 9. You are attacked by a swarm of bees. There's no use attempting an attack, just take your lumps and run!
10. Your canteen is empty. You are very thirsty, and the crystal clear waters of the brook ahead of you beckon seductively.
11. Skeeter and his brother skooter don't much care for strangers on their land! You must show them who's boss, or high-tail it, squeeling like a piggie as you run.
12. You try to get some needed rest, by leaning against a tree. As you begin to nod off, a noise from the brush startles you. You awake to find your sack torn open, and some of your supplies are tumbling out of the mouth of an extremely large, and somewhat apathetic looking animal.
13. A tall thin man appears before you. His movements are so quiet and quick, you nearly mistake him for a spectre. He sees the insignia on your clothing, and realizes you are protected by the gods. He greets you with a silent nod, and offers you the gift of a bow and quiver of arrows.
14. You are greeted by a knight, stumbling and gasping. He grunts, "Go no further! He cannot be defeated!", and collapses on the ground. You kneel down to him, and before you can speak, he groans again, "here... take my armor. I know you must proceed. The gods have tasked you. Take my armor. It is the least I can do..." his body slumps and he gasps his last breath.
15 - You hear a voice in your head, "COMMME NOOO FURTHERRR". You look up. A shimmering black visage menaces from a distance in the trees. If you proceed, you must vanquish the spectre, in order to retain your life force.
16 - The woods have grown dark as ink. Strange shrieks and howls swirl around your head, but you cannot tell how near or far they are. A sliver of moonlight pierces the trees, and its light turns the ghoul in front of you into a glowing beacon of doom.
17. At long last, a quiet place. You settle yourself on the ground, under a sprawling tree, and watch the setting sunlight glisten off the rippling surface of serene lake that stretches out before you. You nod off for a time. It feels good to rest.
18. As you peak a hill, a large beastly man lets out a deafening roar. You are being attacked by a wandering orc! What shall you do?
19. A wizard stands before you, and speaks. He says, 'You are in grave danger if you do not choose your path through this quest wisely.' He lifts his arms, and out of a glowing ball at his chest, the head of a dragon appears. 'THIS!', he shouts, 'IS WHAT AWAITS YOU!'
20 . These northern climbs are difficult to travel, on account of the weather. What a welcome sight, this travelers shack! Rest here, and replenish your supplies.
21. Heavy, combersome despair arches your back. Your eyes blur with exhaustion. You can feel your life force slipping away. On the rise ahead of you, a dark thin woman, with eyes that glow like the moon. She reaches out to you. You reach back. She is not reaching. She is taking. Marie Leveau now owns your soul...
22. The rocky hills have been a difficult climb since leaving the lake. You wish you'd stayed. Out of a dark enclave in the rocks, a serpent the size of an oil pipeline rears up before you, and lets out a menacing hiss, loud enough to be a shriek.
23. A throbbing rush of wind pulses behind your back. It is so strong, it nearly knocks you over. A shadow passes over you, and a thin, shining cloud, suddenly comes to a stop in front and just over your head. A silver dragon peers down at you menacingly. "I AM NO FRIEND, TRAVELER. BUT I AM NIETHER YOUR FOE. YOU TRAVEL WITH THE GODS, AND THAT I MUST RESPECT. BUT BEWARE OF MY BROTHER TO THE NORTH."
24 - "IT IS YOU, AT LAST. THE ONE WHO WAS SENT TO ME BY MY MASTERS. THE ONE WHO DEIGNS TO SLAY ME AS THEIR PROXY EXECUTIONER! WELL, ADVENTURER! SHOW THIS ANCIENT DRAGON WHAT YOUR BRAVADO IS CAPABLE OF!"
25 - "WHO DARES INVADE MY REALM!? I WILL CRUSH MY ENEMIES WITH THE MIGHT OF THE GODS!"